Update reference docs for 4.0 (#3370)
yt-project/yt: doc/source/reference/command-line.rst

Help lists all of the various command-line options in yt.

bugreport
+++++++++

Encountering a bug in your own code can be a big hassle, but it can be
exponentially worse to find it in someone else's.  That's why we tried to
make it as easy as possible for users to report bugs they find in yt.
After you go through the necessary channels to make sure you're not just
making a mistake (see :ref:`asking-for-help`), you can submit bug

> reports using this nice utility.

Reviewer: For reference, I support making the docs less repetitive and verbose.

rpdb
++++

> Connect to a currently running (on localhost) rpd session. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to a currently running (on localhost) rpdb session. See
```
Not to be confused with https://pypi.org/project/pdbr/ !

:ref:`remote-debugging` for more info.

notebook
++++++++

Launches a Jupyter notebook server and prints out instructions on how to open
an ssh tunnel to connect to the notebook server with a web browser. This is
most useful when you want to run a Jupyter notebook using CPUs on a remote
host.

stats
+++++

This subcommand provides you with some basic statistics on a given dataset.
It provides you with the number of grids and cells in each level, the time

> of the dataset, and the resolution. It is tantamount to performing the
> ``print_stats()`` inside of yt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the dataset, and the resolution. It is tantamount to calling the
``Dataset.print_stats`` method.
```

Additionally, there is the option to print the minimum, maximum, or both for
a given field. The field is assumed to be density by default:

.. code-block:: bash

   yt stats GasSloshing/sloshing_nomag2_hdf5_plt_cnt_0150 --max --min

or a different field can be specified using the ``-f`` flag:

.. code-block:: bash

>    yt stats GasSloshing/sloshing_nomag2_hdf5_plt_cnt_0150 --max --min -f temperature

Reviewer: just curious, does this comment support ftype, fname tuples ?

Author: Yes, if you specify them like this:
```bash
yt stats GasSloshing/sloshing_nomag2_hdf5_plt_cnt_0150 --max --min -f gas,temperature
```

Reviewer: ok cool. In this case I'd argue that it's probably best to use it here, so we don't create a bug if we ever decide to drop support for single key field (not sure we should, but it's becoming a possibly lately).

Author: done.

The field-related stats output from this command can be directed to a file using
the ``-o`` flag:

.. code-block:: bash

>    yt stats GasSloshing/sloshing_nomag2_hdf5_plt_cnt_0150 --max -o out_stats.dat

Reviewer: Does it do anything different than this ?
```
yt stats GasSloshing/sloshing_nomag2_hdf5_plt_cnt_0150 --max > out_stats.dat
```

Author: Yes--it outputs only the max and min stats information. 

In my opinion this option deserves a refactor, but out of scope for this PR.

Reviewer: Yeah, that's totally fine.
